Artificial intelligence (AI) is intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans and animals. Leading AI textbooks define the field as the study of 'intelligent agents': any device that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of successfully achieving its goals. The term 'artificial intelligence' was first coined by John McCarthy in 1956. AI research has been through several cycles of optimism, followed by disappointment and the loss of funding, known as an 'AI winter'. Funding and interest vastly increased after 2012 when deep learning surpassed all previous AI techniques. Deep learning is a subfield of machine learning that is based on artificial neural networks with representation learning. The learning can be supervised, semi-supervised or unsupervised.Artificial intelligence (AI) is intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans and animals. Leading AI textbooks define the field as the study of 'intelligent agents': any device that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of successfully achieving its goals. The term 'artificial intelligence' was first coined by John McCarthy in 1956. AI research has been through several cycles of optimism, followed by disappointment and the loss of funding, known as an 'AI winter'. Funding and interest vastly increased after 2012 when deep learning surpassed all previous AI techniques. Deep learning is a subfield of machine learning that is based on artificial neural networks with representation learning. The learning can be supervised, semi-supervised or unsupervised.Artificial intelligence (AI) is intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans and animals. Leading AI textbooks define the field as the study of 'intelligent agents': any device that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of successfully achieving its goals. The term 'artificial intelligence' was first coined by John McCarthy in 1956. AI research has been through several cycles of optimism, followed by disappointment and the loss of funding, known as an 'AI winter'. Funding and interest vastly increased after 2012 when deep learning surpassed all previous AI techniques. Deep learning is a subfield of machine learning that is based on artificial neural networks with representation learning. The learning can be supervised, semi-supervised or unsupervised.Artificial intelligence (AI) is intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans and animals. Leading AI textbooks define the field as the study of 'intelligent agents': any device that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of successfully achieving its goals. The term 'artificial intelligence' was first coined by John McCarthy in 1956. AI research has been through several cycles of optimism, followed by disappointment and the loss of funding, known as an 'AI winter'. Funding and interest vastly increased after 2012 when deep learning surpassed all previous AI techniques. Deep learning is a subfield of machine learning that is based on artificial neural networks with representation learning. The learning can be supervised, semi-supervised or unsupervised.Artificial intelligence (AI) is intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans and animals. Leading AI textbooks define the field as the study of 'intelligent agents': any device that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of successfully achieving its goals. The term 'artificial intelligence' was first coined by John McCarthy in 1956. AI research has been through several cycles of optimism, followed by disappointment and the loss of funding, known as an 'AI winter'. Funding and interest vastly increased after 2012 when deep learning surpassed all previous AI techniques. Deep learning is a subfield of machine learning that is based on artificial neural networks with representation learning. The learning can be supervised, semi-supervised or unsupervised.